# Uncommon Infusion Stand-up (1.1)

**Pertaining to Cella Ant x15, Project 1**

## Mason Godfrey

Q1) 
    By 9/4, I had created 5 different states to be used in the grid, and associated them with the proper colors. I also created a formula to determine which direction an ant would travel based on their hexadecimal value and the state of the tile they were on. Finally, I added cell-based color-changing functionality for the 2D grid, which was developed by a different member of the team.
    Since 9/4, I have completed implementing the ant class, its movements, and its logic. The logic still needs to be tested. I have also updated one of our functions to only update cells the ant has changed.

Q2) 
    Next, I plan to help my team members test the logic behind, and add animation to, the ant.

Q3) 
    As of now, nothing is blocking further progress on the project.

## Jared Dyreson

Q1)
    I was responsible for creating the initial grid that the ant would reside on. After creation, we needed a way to keep track of each cell. That was done by making a point and square class which contained the position of each cell on screen and the boundary of the squares. That used some basic triangle math. I have also been in charge of making sure we're using proper version control so we can efficiently complete this assignment.

Q2)
    I plan on expanding the grid, adding more styling for the webpage and help with the backend code in relation to the ant. We also plan to test `devbranch` and if successful, we will then make our first push to `master`. Comments also need to be more prolific.

Q3)
    Nothing is stopping us from completing the subsquent tasks
